deployment/docker/Makefile: updated docker compose commands regarding migration from V1 to V2 (#4314)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* SECURITY: upgrade Go builder from Go1.20.3 to Go1.20.4. See [the list of issues addressed in Go1.20.4](https://github.com/golang/go/issues?q=milestone%3AGo1.20.4+label%3ACherryPickApproved).
* SECURITY: serve `/robots.txt` content to disallow indexing of the exposed instances by search engines. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4128) for details.

> * FEATURE: update docker compose commands from V1 to V2 regarding deprecation compose V1 from June 2023. See [Migrate to Compose V2](https://docs.docker.com/compose/migrate/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: update [docker compose environment](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/tree/master/deployment/docker#docker-compose-environment-for-victoriametrics) to V2 in respect to V1 deprecation notice from June 2023. See [Migrate to Compose V2](https://docs.docker.com/compose/migrate/).
```
